Add validation for Endpoint command (#1422)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Enhanced the "vX" display name validation for scripts and integrations in the **validate** command to check for every versioned script or integration, and not only v2.
* Added the *--fail-duplicates* flag for the **create-id-set** command which will fail the command if duplicates are found.
* Added to the **generate-docs** command automatic addition to git when a new readme file is created.

> * Added a validation in the **validate** command to ensure that '!endpoint' is configured correctly in yml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a validation in the **validate** command to ensure that the ***endpoint*** command is configured correctly in yml file.
```
